Now we're kind of to do an exercise.
So our goal is to build this app as you can tell there's very little styling and honestly not a lot
of functionality.
You are essentially just typing something in here like feed Moxey and then the two item that you just
save will show up in the DOM and I can type something else let's say wash my car.
So that's the entire app.
There's very minimal styling So don't focus on the styling.
The main goal of this is just to make sure that you understand forms and that you understand events.
So we haven't seen a lot of live coding of a full app with events or forms yet.
That's by design.
So I'm hoping that you can pick up enough from the last few videos to get this done.
But if you get stuck Don't worry.
Next we'll have a solution.
Then after that we'll go in depth into an app that has forms and events.